[opening theme music playing]
Now, the young master is at Songrim,
this room will be vacant for a while.
Put away his books, clothes,
and all his other belongings.
-Yes, ma'am.
-[Mr. Lee] Go ahead.
He's left to train before, 12 times,
and all 12 times he was sent back.
Shouldn't we wait a few days
in case he comes back again?
This time will be different.
Our young master has really changed.
This room may soon
belong to a married couple.
That's why we're cleaning.
[Mr. Lee] Is the young master promised
to another lady?
[inhales]
If he calls it off again,
it will be hard for him to ever marry.
[maid Kim] It's different this time.
There's a young lady
our young master's quite taken with.
He's in love.
-[Mr. Lee] I see.
-Right, Mu-deok?
You know what I mean. His bird's egg.
I've been thinking
and I'm certain it's the lady in Songrim.
[inhales]
Bird's egg at the very top of a tall tree
sounds like she's aloof.
And he feels protective.
The kind of girl
who is like a white heron.
Like me.
I'm not sure.
When that bird's egg of his
actually hatches,
it may turn out to be
a vicious eagle, not a heron.
[eagle screeching]
You think so?
[gasps]
An eagle would be frightening.
Even a woodpecker or cuckoo would be bad.
There's no use in worrying.
I'm sure when the egg hatches,
it will just fly away.
[bird wings flapping]
How could she do that when she loves him?
If they're so close to each other,
he won't be the only one in love.
The bird's egg would have felt the same.
[maid Kim] Ah!
I really do hope it's Young Lady Heo.
She does look like his mother.
[chuckles]
Oh, Mr. Lee.
Do not touch those.
They belong to Master Jang Gang.
All right. Hurry up.
[Mu-deok] The things Jang Uk and I shared
were a desperation to survive…
and earnest desire to find ourselves…
and a firm promise
that we would part ways
as soon as we got what we wanted.
Even if the affection
Maidservant Kim speaks of…
[reading book]
…is lingering somewhere between us,
it is nothing but a shell
to be discarded once the egg hatches.
[somber music playing]
Did you really memorize all this already?
Yes, and you can check
each and every word.
I didn't miss a single letter.
[Sang-ho] But still,
even if you're quick,
this should at least take a month.
I've had 12 masters in the past
which means I've read
the same books 12 times already.
This is like a total piece of cake for me
at least. Something like that, yeah.
I knew it. I knew it. I wondered
why he was following the rules.
He had his reasons.
So now that I'm free to come and go,
I'm going back home now.
[Jin] You may not leave yet.
Why can't I leave yet?
According to the rules,
since I've mastered the basics,
I should be allowed to go.
The reason I told you to read this book
was to have it engraved
deeply in your heart,
not just for you to memorize it.
However, since you are
sly enough to deceive us,
I don't believe that you've truly mastered
this learning at all.
So, it seems to me that
Songrim's leader can change
the regulations whenever he likes.
For you.
It will be another piece of cake.
I'll allow you to come and go as you like
just as soon as you finish
reading this book.
[playful music playing]
[mouthing]
[sighs]
So, I will actually be allowed to leave
if I just read one book?
That's right.
Go read this book. It should be…
just as easy as eating a piece of cake.
[inhales] Oh, dear!
Mu-deok won't be seeing Uk for a while.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Wait. This book is blank?
It's not blank. There are… words there.
[Jang Uk] Come on, there's nothing.
-You're saying you can read this?
-[chuckles softly]
It's just that you can't see it.
It's Words of the Heart,
by Master Seo Gyeong.
It can only be read
if you focus all your energy.
Hmm.
So you're supposed to see something here?
And I apparently
just can't see it, I guess.
[Beom] Hey, Dang-gu, I heard your friend
didn't even know Words of the Heart.
He's never even had proper training.
Of course, he wouldn't know.
He can't leave the Training Center
until he finishes reading that book.
[Hyo] What will he do?
He will be in there
for at least six months then?
With his skills,
how could he do it in six months?
He might have mastered Ryusu
through pure luck,
but he hasn't been properly trained.
I bet it'll take him over a year.
[laughter]
[book slams]
How would you know
if you've never even read it yourselves?
At least, I know how much training
you need in order to read it.
Then you should also know
just how far ahead of you he is.
Since you haven't received it…
and yet Uk already has.
[scoffs]
[Dang-gu laughs awkwardly]
He's right, guys. You guys shouldn't talk
about things you don't understand.
See ya.
[Beom] Damn it.
[exhales]
Why do you think Uncle
already gave Uk Words of the Heart?
[sighs] I don't know.
As long as he's busy with that,
he can't do anything.
And he's stuck here.
[clicks tongue, breathes deeply]
Well…
I have no intentions of training Jang Uk.
He'll be under my watch, so at least
he won't be able to wander around
causing trouble.
So you didn't accept him into Songrim,
you merely trapped him inside it.
Since we've made
such a show of accepting Uk,
I'm sure his father will come.
By "his father", you mean Jang Gang?
The opening of his son's gate of energy…
was the one thing
Jang Gang feared the most.
If he catches wind of this,
he is certain to come back.
If we're gonna get rid of Jin Mu,
then we will definitely need
the Gwanju to return.
[laughs]
Jang Gang must return…
for all of our problems to be solved.
Anyway, I do take pity on our Uk.
He's already come this far without
any proper training.
But reading that book?
Impossible.
[laughs]
[Sun-i] Why have you prepared
these snacks for him?
I've heard some things
about that Young Master Jang.
He has a complicated family history,
-and he's weak and hot-tempered.
-He's not.
He's a good man.
[laughs]
Okay. How do you know?
I heard he's so difficult
that his servant, Mu-deok, is the only one
who can possibly put up with him.
-Mu-deok?
-Yes.
The girl servant that
Young Master Jang keeps by his side.
That Mu-deok.
[soft music playing]
Hey, Mu-deok.
[Jang Uk] I heard that you stayed
right by my side the whole night.
I thought you were my servant, Mu-deok.
I apologize for my rudeness.
So, that's why he thought
I was Mu-deok that night.
Hmm.
[Sun-i] Good day.
[Sun-i groans]
We are both from Sejukwon.
Let's go, my lady.
[thrilling music playing]
[whimsical music playing]
[stutters]
Uh, but the fire…
[exhales]
[thrilling music playing]
[intense stinger playing]
[Jin] For you.
It will be another piece of cake.
[exhales]
[grunts]
I've been fooled.
Ugh, I can't believe
he tricked me like that.
[gasps]
Uh, we meet again.
Uh, yeah. Are you going somewhere?
Ugh, yeah. There's someone I need to meet.
But why are you going this way?
Uh…
because I am running away.
Ah. [laughs softly]
So… pretend you didn't see this, either.
-[grunts]
-Oh!
[Sun-i] My gosh.
Young Lady Heo is so impatient.
-Honestly. Why did she not wait for me?
-[gasps]
I can't believe she left me behind.
[Yun-ok breathes heavily]
What's the matter?
Huh!
Is Uk not in his room right now?
Oh, no. He's in there.
Then, let's go.
But I… have something to discuss
with Young Master Jang.
I'd like to be alone with him now.
And I think it'll take quite a while,
so wait for me outside.
[soft music playing]
[sighs]
[male servant] Hey, Mu-deok,
a young man has come from Songrim.
He's looking for you.
[pants]
Hello, Young Master Seo.
I guess you must have thought I was Uk.
You probably won't see him for a while.
He has a rather
difficult task to complete.
I'm sure he'll do well.
For now, what's most important for him
is just to stay there and get stronger.
I was worried after you left,
but you seem to be all right.
So, what are you doing
these days without Uk?
I'm a servant,
so my job is to do chores all day.
Maidservant Kim isn't here right now.
So will you wait for her in the study?
I'm not here to see her. I'm here for you.
To see me?
But what business could you
possibly have with me?
Uh…
you have…
my umbrella that I lent you.
[inhales]
Oh, that.
I threw it out
because it ripped on my way back here.
Really?
Then let's go out.
What?
I need a new umbrella.
I want you to buy it.
UMBRELLAS
This one looks exactly like
the umbrella you lent me.
This is made with very…
very low-quality paper.
Mine was made with sheepskin and bamboo.
How nice!
Why did you give
such a nice umbrella to a servant?
I didn't give it. It was a loan.
If you lose someone's belonging,
you should pay for a new one.
And anyway, that was
the only umbrella I had.
Why would the young master
of the Seo family have only one umbrella?
I usually don't go outside when it rains.
My injury from when I was young,
it aches more when it's raining.
The leg you broke,
it still hurts sometimes?
I heard from Young Master Park
that you broke your leg once.
I was injured in Danhyanggok.
How sad that you draw energy
from water but hurt when it rains.
Your leg must not have healed properly.
I had a friend
who had waited for me in Danhyanggok.
She saved me and treated my wound.
It must not have fully healed
because we parted ways…
before I could thank her.
[sighs]
-I like this one.
-What?
I want this one. Go pay for it.
Yes.
-[Mu-deok] This one, please.
-[seller] Of course.
Put it on Master Jang Gang's tab, please.
Why are you putting it on Uk's tab?
You should pay for it.
Gosh, how would a servant like me
have any money?
I know you should have some.
I saw you spending the money you hid
to enjoy yourself and buy nice clothes.
I wasn't that…
[sighs]
-How much?
-[seller] You must have a good eye.
You selected the most
expensive one I have.
[laughs]
[seller clears throat]
[Mu-deok sighs]
[Jang Uk] Mu-deok isn't here?
Where could she have gone
just when I needed her, huh?
Young Master, did you get
kicked out of training again?
I did not! I'm only
just out for a little bit.
And I'm going back soon, okay?
[Mr. Lee] Ah.
Mu-deok will be back soon as well.
Would you like to take
a hot bath while you wait?
Could I?
It's been quite a while
since I last took a bath at my house.
-I'll go get it ready then.
-Hmm.
[exhales]
Hmm?
[playful music playing]
Oh.
Were our honey biscuits always this sweet?
[exclaims]
Why are there no snacks in Songrim?
Even the leader used to have
a sweet tooth.
Hmm.
Are we here today…
so that you can break up with me?
Yes.
In just a bit, the three
gossiping girls will walk by
after floriculture class.
If they see the two of us
fighting when they get here,
they'll spread the rumor of our breakup
everywhere in no time.
[sighs]
As promised,
let's stage it so it looks like my fault.
First, slap me across the face.
Then, when I cling to you, push me away
and storm out through that door.
But that seems a bit extreme.
[Dang-gu] It has to be
to call off a marriage.
We'll need to show
all of them quite a scene.
Make it real.
If we do that, awful rumors
will spread about you, Dang-gu.
If you ruin your reputation,
there'll be no matchmaking for you.
I don't…
want to get married by matchmaking.
[somber music playing]
I want to marry someone…
for love
[soft music playing]
[clears throat]
Slapping is too much, though.
I'll just… throw this at you.
Oh, yeah. Let's do that way, then.
[gasps]
This tea is too hot.
You'll get burnt if I throw it.
Oh! Goodness.
I'll be fine.
I heard people say that
there's a magic show in a few days.
I really want to see it.
But if I break up with you,
I guess I won't be able to.
[stutters] What? Why?
In my experience,
if you ever call off a wedding,
you're expected to
remain at home for a month at least.
Oh, I see.
All right, well, uh, should we delay
breaking up a few days?
Could we?
Uh, but my-my friends will also be there.
So I don't want to go by myself.
Uh, well, since we are still a couple,
then we should go together.
[clears throat]
Well, if you insist.
[Mu-deok] I'll take the pumpkin taffy,
rice taffy, and honey biscuits.
Of course.
The young master is a picky eater,
so he gets cranky if there are no snacks.
Please give these to him.
I like these pine pollen tea snacks.
Of course, you have expensive taste.
-Would you like some of those?
-No.
[clears throat]
RECRUITING SERVANTS FOR SONGRIM
QUALIFICATIONS: HEALTHY, LITERATE,
CAN CALCULATE, NO CRIMINAL RECORD
[seller] I'll put this
on the Jang family's tab.
Please, give this to the young master.
I have some other business
to take care of. Goodbye.
[laughter]
-Yes, ma'am.
-Thank you.
-[buyer] Excuse me.
-[seller] Yes, ma'am?
[So-i] See you later.
[woman 1] It is her, right?
Yes, it is her.
[woman gasps]
-Hey! You stole my purse, didn't you?
-Give me my ring back.
[laughs awkwardly]
[both yell]
[woman 1] Where did she go?
-Hey! Hey! Stop her!
-[woman 2] How dare you!
[woman 2] Stop right there!
[thrilling music playing]
Stop that thief!
-Stop!
-[woman 1] Get back here!
-[grunts]
-Wait until I get my hands on you!
Hey! Hey! Stop! You come back here.
-Hey!
-[man] What's happening here? Hey, hey!
What are you doing?
Catch that thief!
Oh! The path is blocked! What do we do?
-Hey, that's her, right?
-Yeah, yeah.
[So-i pants]
That's Mu-deok.
Mu-deok!
[gasps]
-[woman 1] You!
-[woman 2] There you are, you…
-[woman 2] Hey! Catch that thief!
-[woman 1] Come here!
-Come here.
-[woman 2] Hey, stop right there.
[woman 2] Hey! Come here, come here…
[pants]
It was definitely her.
But how is she able to see, though?
[intense stinger plays]
She used to always wear this
because she couldn't see.
Was it not her?
[ominous music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gasps]
Well, well, I finally found you.
So-i.
I went all the way to Sari Village
because we'd heard you were hiding there.
But you were already gone.
Did you think I wouldn't be able
to find you in the capital?
What's this?
Don't tell me you were pretending
to be blind this time.
[breathes heavily]
[roughneck laughs]
You were always good at
putting up a pitiful front.
But your real specialty is
stabbing people in their back.
[laughs]
How dare you steal money from me?
[softly]
I don't know what you are talking about.
[screams]
[exclaims]
Look at you trying to play me again.
[gasps in pain]
Go.
[screams]
Help me!
Somebody help me!
-[So-i groaning]
-[indistinct chatter]
Somebody help me! I'm blind! I can't see.
-[woman] Oh, dear!
-I don't know any of them,
but these strange men are trying
to kidnap me! Please!
[shouts] Someone, anyone, help me!
Look at you trying real hard.
[screams]
Help me!
[roughneck] What are you all
looking at, huh?
-Come here.
-[So-i screams]
[groans]
[intense music playing]
You cannot drag people off
against their will.
[roughneck] I have a good reason
for doing this,
so just be on your way.
Please, sir! I cannot see anything.
-And I don't even know who they are.
-[roughneck] You little--
[yelps]
-Get him!
-[men shouting]
[grunts]
[yells, grunts]
[roughneck gasps]
He's… he's a mage.
Run!
Are you able to stand?
Thank you very much, sir.
They look like dangerous men.
You should properly go report it
to the authorities and get help.
I'll take you.
I'm all right. I don't need them.
Your cane is broken.
It's an umbrella.
You can take this instead.
[sighs]
Excuse me, sir, best to let her be.
She refused to let you
take her to the authorities.
I don't know her situation, young man,
but I do know those guys were thugs.
No good will come
out of involving yourself
in their affairs.
[Seo Yul] I'll take you.
You should properly go report it
to the authorities and get help.
Maybe I should have said yes then.
[chuckles]
[eerie music playing]
Number 125.
Is this the number of people
who have already applied?
ONE HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE
And they're only going to hire five.
Do I have a chance?
[Mr. Lee] Hey, Mu-deok.
Oh, here you are.
The young master's looking for you.
Young Master Seo came by again?
Not him. Young Master Jang Uk.
Young Master Jang snuck
out of Songrim to come back home.
[soft music playing]
[sighs]
Huh, I need to be back before sundown.
Where could she be?
[soft music continues playing]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[clicks tongue]
[panting]
Where is he?
He just left. I didn't see him, either.
He said he'd be obedient, but he ran away.
I hope he got back without getting caught.
[breathes heavily]
He was just here.
Just now.
What is with that girl?
[soft music playing]
Jang Uk.
Look, Young Master!
[romantic music playing]
Where have you been?
I thought I couldn't see you.
[chuckles softly]
But now, I've seen you. I'm very glad.
I have to go back now,
or I'll get in trouble.
Just wait there. I'll be there soon, too.
I found a way.
Could you stay focused
on what you need to do in there?
And I'll do everything I can out here.
All right. But what's the way, though?
I heard Songrim is hiring servants.
[romantic music continues playing]
Be safe. Don't get caught.
[eunuch] Your Highness,
instead of going to Sejukwon yourself,
you should summon
Master Heo to the palace.
That's all right.
It gives me a reason to get out.
[Go Won] It helps my recovery.
Is that Jang Uk?
What are you doing out here?
I heard you weren't allowed
to leave the Training Center
until you're able to read
The Words of the Heart.
Last time, you followed me
to where I was drinking.
And now it looks like
you're keeping tabs on me.
Why do you seem so interested in me?
It makes me uncomfortable.
Master Heo from Sejukwon told me about it.
Right. I heard you fell ill
from drinking the liquor I gave you.
Why did you come all the way
to Sejukwon, Your Highness?
Wait, don't tell me it still hurts.
Are you still in pain
from where I hit you? Oh, my goodness.
No, not at all. I'm completely fine now.
I just go there to get
some supplements. That's all.
[Jang Uk] Hmm.
I hope you take
many good supplements, sire.
You must live a long, healthy life.
[Jang Uk laughs]
Wait! What were you
trying to hide over there?
Let me see it.
[suspenseful music playing]
It's a honey biscuit.
I wanted to eat it myself.
How did you know I had it on me?
You can have it.
Songrim doesn't have
these kinds of snacks.
Did you go home?
[suspenseful music playing]
[chuckles]
You know you'll be in trouble
if anyone finds out you ran back home.
You gave me a drink as congratulations
and even complimented me last time.
Would you r-really tattle on me now
for sneaking out?
I… gave you my honey biscuit.
Well, stay away from that big pine tree.
I saw some mages there.
Thank you very much, Your Highness.
All the best for you.
I don't understand why I'm so nice to him.
This is delicious.
Is it really?
Is it tasty?
[queen] I thought that the Crown Prince
would be more hostile
to Songrim after the match.
Instead, he sheathed his sword
and become even closer to them.
He must have decided to befriend them
so they could be useful
when he becomes the next king.
Are you certain we shouldn't step in?
Do not worry.
We can change his mind quite easily.
After all, we do have
Jang Uk's constellation plate.
The Crown Prince will have no choice
but to kill him eventually.
Is that it? This is what
we'll use to subdue Jin Ho-gyeong?
The power of Jinyowon
will finally be within our grasp.
[suspenseful music playing]
It's been nearly four hours
since Young Lady Heo went inside.
Oh!
Don't bother them.
They have a lot to talk about.
Oh! Hey! Hey! Hey, wait! Stop!
You really shouldn't bother them.
Something's wrong.
I should see whether
Jang Uk's really in there.
Are you seriously doubting
what my lady said?
Oh…
[sighs]
Why isn't he back yet?
If they find out he is gone,
it'll be so embarrassing.
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
What are you doing here?
I thought you'd be gone.
I told them we were together in here
so they wouldn't realize
you'd left on your own.
I've been waiting here
for you to get back.
[Sun-i exhales]
Hah, see? They are here
together just like she said.
I'm going to leave now.
I enjoyed our conversation today.
Oh, yes.
[Jang Uk] Mm-hmm.
Oh.
What were you doing
in here for four hours?
Good question.
What were…
we doing here for that long?
[whimsical music playing]
[sighs]
She must have been bored, huh?
[scoffs]
You want to enter
into Songrim's hiring contest?
Yes. Look at what happened today.
Young Master Jang Uk clearly needs me
right by his side at all times.
I have to agree.
How uncomfortable must he have been
to come here to bathe and eat snacks.
Our young master is very sensitive
and was doted on growing up.
So living with others
in Songrim doesn't suit him.
ONE HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE
I've already put my name in.
I'll get in no matter what.
Yeah, you don't need that.
This is the Jang family.
We can easily put you in there.
[gasps] Is that true?
So then, does that mean
that I won't have to take the test at all?
Of course not. Just trust me.
That is not possible.
Songrim's servants are only ever chosen
through open recruitments.
There are no exceptions.
Ah, she doesn't need a free post.
Just the entrance plaque.
Just write up her name
so she can have one.
The Jang family will pay her salary.
[exhales]
Also…
here.
[inhales]
I thought it would suit you,
Maidservant Park, so I bought you one.
Huh?
[quirky music playing]
Here.
Hmm.
[exasperated sigh]
[tense music playing]
[comical music playing]
Word has it that you bribed
Maidservant Park of Songrim
with this simple favor.
-It was not a big deal, just a gift.
-I heard that you asked her
to secure a position there for Mu-deok.
Well, since our young master
is so sensitive,
I thought having Mu-deok close by
would help him improve
his training process,
so I asked her for a favor.
So then, this truly was a bribe!
I apologize. I guess
I wasn't thinking clearly.
When Maidservant Park brought this to me,
I defended you by telling her
you would never actually
do such a thing.
How will I ever dare face
Maidservant Park ever again?
I…
Um…
I will go and apologize to her.
What will everyone think?
They'll definitely think that
you abused your relationship with me
to bribe someone to get what you wanted.
It's true I did give her that scarf,
but I never mentioned your name to her.
Even still,
everyone in Songrim knows
that you and I are close.
If you act like this,
then I can no longer afford…
to continue having
such a close relationship any longer.
Sure! In that case,
I'll just stop coming here.
And besides, maybe our relationship
was never really as deep as
you like to say it was, you know.
Because if we were truly that close,
you would never have mentioned
cutting ties with me so easily, right?
Fine.
-Well, I…
-I'll go to Maidservant Park
and tell her that I, who bribed her,
I am not-- not close at all
with the great leader of Songrim.
I never really had been.
-L-Look, Maidservant--
-Yes…
I'm so terribly sorry
that I embarrassed you this way.
Wait, Maidservant Kim.
You can't just leave like that.
You should take this.
If I were to keep it,
I'd be accepting a bribe.
[whimsical music playing]
[maid Kim grunts softly]
[grunts]
Also, that is…
You said you'd stop coming.
Um…
that wasn't what I… meant.
Oh, Maid--
Wait! Where are you…
[grunts]
[sighs]
This is hard.
[Master Lee] You can't do it yet.
Master Lee.
You can't read that book
with the concentration you have right now.
Because you've never trained
as diligently as the others have.
And how long will it take
if I start my training now?
Well, if you're quick, a year.
I-I cannot do that. I can't spend
a whole year just trapped here.
I think that's exactly the reason
why Park Jin gave you that book.
[sighs]
You could shorten it
if you become my pupil
and receive my tutoring.
You…
mean by drinking the chaste herb tea?
Just give me
a little bit of time to think.
This book, The Words of the Heart
contains a poem written
by my master, Seo Gyeong himself.
Poem?
And it's not that long.
Once you're finally able
to read the first word,
you'll find that the rest comes easily.
Ah, but you can't see it.
Are you having fun teasing me now?
It's not like you're going
to tell me about it.
It's amusing to watch.
[Master Lee chuckles softly]
Should I help you another time?
Yes.
Let me tell you one secret
about this book that no one knows.
The poem transcribed here is…
a love letter.
A… love letter?
Correct.
Countless mages have been asked
to read this book,
but no one knows it's a love letter.
Ah.
Master Seo Gyeong originally wrote this
for a lady who could not see
so that she would be able
to read it with her heart instead.
You can read it by training
your concentration skills.
But now that you know what it is,
try to think of another way to read it.
How do you think
a love letter is supposed to begin?
What is this thing?
Was he a pervert?
Why would anybody want to
make others read his own love letter, huh?
Oh, why must I read this?
I can't even see it at all.
Was he really a pervert?
[sighs]
Master Lee, it's getting colder.
Instead of returning to Danhyanggok,
why don't you just stay here?
I'll take good care of you.
-[laughs]
-No.
My training cannot be accomplished
by wearing warm clothes
-and living in comfort.
-Ah.
Master Lee, you know as your pupil,
I just want my master to be warm.
[laughs]
It seems that you've truly matured.
[laughs awkwardly]
[soft music playing]
[heart pounding]
Oh, that's Maidservant Kim
of the Jang family.
Given how unhappy she looks,
she and Jin must have argued.
Oh. Hello.
[laughs]
Master Lee.
Why did you leave so quickly last time?
I didn't even get a chance to thank you.
I take it you two have met before?
That's right. We met
at the celebration at Chwiseonru.
-[laughs]
-[maid Kim] Oh.
I wanted to ask you about your clothes.
Your seam burst because of me.
[Master Lee grunts]
I'm all right.
What seam?
Ah, I see.
It's very cold out.
Are you not too cold
in those thin clothes?
Why don't you wear this, at least?
I wanted to give you something
to say thank you.
Also, know this is
not a bribe, it's a gift.
Here.
[uplifting music playing]
Ah.
It really suits you.
[Heo Yeom] Uh…
are you okay with being warm?
SONGRIM SERVANT CONTEST
[indistinct chatter]
We will begin
the Songrim Servant Hiring Contest
to decide on five applicants who
will have the honor to work in Songrim.
[maidservant Park]
I will read the list of applicants.
Answer me when I call your names.
Number one, Park Jun-hwa.
Here.
And two, An So-jeong.
Here!
An So-jeong.
TWO
An…
[clears throat]
-Three, Lee Yeong-ok.
-[Yeong-ok] Here.
-Four, Park Hyeon-su.
-[Hyeon-su] Here.
-Five, Bae Hui-young.
-[Hui-young] Here.
[Dang-gu clears throat]
Huh?
What is this for?
I'm looking just in case.
ONE HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE, MU-DEOK
[chuckles softly] There she is.
Number 125. Is Mu-deok here?
Over here!
Your servant, Mu-deok,
is here in Songrim today.
I'm saying this for your sake.
Don't even think of trying to leave here.
[in loud voice]
Could you please be quiet?
[in normal tone]
Could you be quiet, please?
I need to concentrate
in order to be able to read this.
[whispers] I'll let you be then.
[laughs softly]
[grumbles]
[Heo Yeom] Then, I'll see you
in three days, Your Highness.
By the way, why is Songrim
so busy today? Seems crowded.
A contest. They're going to
pick servants for housekeeping today.
-Songrim makes a contest of that?
-[eunuch] Your Highness.
Being a Songrim's servant
is a coveted position.
When I looked,
I saw the Jang family's servant there,
Your Highness.
-Filthy Mu-deok?
-Yes, sire.
[intense music playing]
The first test you'll face
will test the strength
of your reading and arithmetic skills.
You'll have to get full marks to pass.
Get just one question wrong,
and you're disqualified!
[coughs]
SONGRIM SERVANT CONTEST
Yul! Yul!
[pants]
I found the test.
-So many questions. Even writing.
-[sighs]
Mu-deok is smart,
but can she answer them all?
[Go Won] This is pretty hard.
Eunuch Oh, what do you use
to wash clothes stained with ink?
That's a question.
For ink-stained clothes,
rice paste does the trick.
[Go Won] What do you do with it?
Well, first, you apply it
to the stain, and then you can…
SONGRIM SERVANT CONTEST
[Seo Yul] "You have invited
20 guests each from 3 different families."
"One table seats four people.
How many tables do you need to provide?"
[inhales deeply]
Twenty people from
three families, 60 total.
Each table can fit four people,
-so it's fifteen.
-No, no, no.
They said "three families" on purpose.
Each family must push
their tables together.
We need more tables
if they're pushed together.
Each family needs nine tables.
NINE × THREE = TWENTY-SEVEN
-So, 27.
-Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ooh!
It said they're invited.
NINE × THREE = TWENTY-SEVEN
That means the host
will require a table as well.
TWENTY-SEVEN + HOST = TWENTY…
Twenty-eight total.
[both exclaim]
Ooh, you're right,
you're right, you're right.
TWENTY-EIGHT
The next one's about knowing the streets
well enough to run errands.
I'll… go try to find a map.
HOW DO YOU WASH CLOTHES
THAT HAVE INK ON THEM?
How should you wash clothes
with ink on them again?
Shouldn't you just discard them?
Hey, Eunuch Oh.
Your Highness.
How are you supposed to wash clothes
that have been stained with ink again?
For ink-stained clothes,
you need some hot rice paste.
-First, you smear it on the--
-Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's it.
Oh!
Write it.
Hot rice paste.
SONGRIM SERVANT CONTEST
[Dang-gu exhales]
I'm sure we got them all right.
This was unexpected but interesting.
And I am sure that Mu-deok will fail it.
[laughs awkwardly]
Uh…
yeah, maybe we should probably find a way
to deliver this perfect test sheet
to her right now.
But how should we do it?
It'll look too obvious if we go.
Perhaps if it's someone more conspicuous,
they won't be scrutinized as much.
[upbeat music playing]
Hmm?
SONGRIM SERVANT CONTEST
[Mu-deok] This is hard.
It's much harder than I thought.
Hey, do not look at other people's papers.
[eunuch] The Crown Prince is here!
Bow before him!
[indistinct chatter]
-[eunuch] Bow before him!
-[woman] Oh. Your Royal Highness!
[indistinct chatter]
[whimsical music playing]
I heard there's a test.
I thought I'd offer some encouragement.
We are honored, sire.
[Go Won] Do not mind me.
Focus on your test.
[whimsical music continues playing]
Go back to work.
Focus!
[maidservant Park] Back to work.
-And you too.
-Back--
Go on and focus on something.
[maidservant Park clears throat]
[whimsical music continues playing]
[drum pounding]
[indistinct chatter]
[maidservant Park]
I will now announce those of you
who have passed the written test.
Park Jun-hwa has passed.
Lee Yeong-ok, failed.
Hwang Yeon-ji, failed.
Oh Jae-ho, passed.
Number 125.
Mu-deok.
[epic music playing]
[eunuch] Your Royal Highness!
[pants]
She passed it.
-[all laugh]
-Yes! Oh, yes!
All right! Yeah!
[laughs]
[Dang-gu exclaims, laughs]
[Go Won] Good work.
[maidservant Park]
Forty of you have passed the written test.
We shall now begin the practical.
The practical test evaluates them on
their ability to carry out their duties.
They'll prepare ingredients,
clean, in addition to
washing dirty laundry.
And last but not least,
they'll do a fitness test.
[gong beats]
[thrilling music playing]
Number 125, Mu-deok.
You passed.
[thrilling music continues playing]
Oh!
Number 125, Mu-deok.
You passed!
[maidservant Park] Number 125, Mu-deok.
[Dang-gu] Wow, Mu-deok is so impressive.
There's only the fitness test left.
We should go and cheer for her, right?
I saw many fit individuals back there.
I highly doubt that
she'll be in the top five.
Sire, thank you for all of your help.
[Seo Yul] Goodbye.
-Let's go.
-Yeah, let's go.
That was his way
of telling me not to come, right?
Oh, goodness, why are they being so mean?
Unbelievable!
Whatever. Let us go.
It is this way, Your Highness.
-Yeah, I knew that. I did.
-Of course.
[maidservant Park] From here,
you will travel five ri
and bring back water.
The winners…
have to be the first five
to return with water.
[Mu-deok] This is the last hurdle.
I must be in the first five.
[action music playing]
-Begin.
-[drum beats]
[candidates shout]
He has not moved, he's just been staring
at the book for days on end.
Really?
It can't be achieved overnight.
You must have patience.
Yes.
Maidservant Kim is worried sick about you.
Let me know if you need anything.
I can prepare your bed, your food,
and clothing to your liking.
I'll be all right.
The wind is getting colder.
[Jin] Keep the windows closed.
Master Seo Gyeong originally wrote this
for a lady who could not see
so that she would be able
to read it with her heart instead.
I have one question.
Did Master Seo Gyeong use to know
a woman who couldn't see?
In the Great Chaos, centuries ago,
the woman who stood
at Master Seo Gyeong's side
was the very first leader of Jinyowon.
And she was unable to see anything.
[Jang Uk]
So the recipient of this love letter
was the leader of Jinyowon.
Are you sure that it's all right
if other people read this letter?
What if these details
are his private life,
and you're just requiring
everybody to read them?
Hmm.
You must be trying to use me
to figure out what is written in there.
I will tell you this.
Nothing written here is secret
or even at all something personal.
Countless mages have been asked
to read this book,
but no one knows it's a love letter.
[Jang Uk] Right. He said that
no one knows it's a love letter.
Instead of coming up with tricks,
concentrate on training yourself.
[Jang Uk] If it's a love letter,
how is it that no one knows?
You can read it by training
your concentration skills.
But now that you know what it is,
try to think of another way to read it.
[Jang Uk] There must be
a different way to read it
when you know that it's a love letter.
A way those in training don't know.
But those who know
it's a love letter can see.
What could it be?
How do you think
a love letter is supposed to begin?
I have one last question.
The first leader of Jinyowon,
tell me what was her name.
Love letters must always…
begin with the name of the recipient.
[Jin] Her name?
Her surname was Jin,
and given name Seol-ran.
The recipient's name was Jin Seol-ran.
A blue orchid that blooms
in white snow.
Her name will…
help reveal this letter's context.
[epic music playing]
That's it.
[exhales]
Hey, hey, hey, Yul, look!
There she goes, Mu-deok.
[women yell]
[soft music playing]
[Jang Uk] "You cannot grasp water,
but it's within the soil."
"You cannot touch fire,
but it is within the tree."
"You cannot hold the wind…
but it rests on the rock."
"If you let them be,
they will be everywhere."
"The faint, blue light
makes me sigh."
"My white breath
turns into snow and gathers like tears."
"So I cannot drop it but hide it away."
"Despite knowing that
they will well up once again,
"I am a fool
who dares not shed a single tear."
[Dang-gu exhales]
There are two back already.
I don't see Mu-deok.
[eunuch] There are six people
ahead of her.
She needs to overtake
at least two of them to win.
[grunts]
I AM A FOOL
WHO DARES NOT SHED A SINGLE TEAR
YOU CANNOT GRASP WATER
BUT IT IS INSIDE THE SOIL
[Sang-ho] Where are you going?
Oh.
I finished reading it.
[crowd cheering]
[crowd clapping]
[groans]
Number 29, Jang Jeong-do. You passed.
And now, only one more remains.
[thrilling music playing]
[pants]
[Mu-deok] I have no need
for a pupil who won't improve.
If you're not going to do
anything, you should just die.
Stop that! Damn! You just threw it.
Don't act like you're still Naksu, okay?
[Mu-deok] No matter how pathetic I feel,
I must do what I can right now.
If I am not willing to do anything,
I might as well die.
[crowd cheering]
[shouting]
[crowd applaud]
Number 125, Mu-deok.
You passed!
[crowd applauding]
YOU CANNOT GRASP WATER
BUT IT IS INSIDE THE SOIL
It's word for word what is written
in the Words of the Heart.
Jang Uk has done it.
Jang Uk has done it?
Where is he right now?
He's at Sejukwon.
The servant who was always with him
collapsed during the test,
so he took her there, sir.
His servant?
-You mean his servant, Mu-deok?
-Yes.
She was one of five
who passed the test today.
She did faint as soon as
she reached the finish line,
but still she-- she has made it.
Really?
[Jang Uk] All she did was risk her life
following the orders I gave.
It was all because of me, sir.
Now, I think…
she was always at Uk's side.
His servant, Mu-deok.
The book was actually
Master Seo Gyeong's love letter.
Really?
Then why did he choose
to make it invisible?
The woman he loved was blind.
He wanted her to read it with her heart.
That's so sweet.
I don't think
the letter actually reached her
in the end, though.
If it had, it would be in Jinyowon,
instead of being here at Songrim.
A love letter that can't be seen
and was never sent?
[scoffs]
What a coward!
He just wrote his feelings
and never told her.
What a foolish…
pitiful love letter.
You're right. Love letters should be…
delivered to the recipients like this.
RECRUITING SERVANTS FOR SONGRIM
That isn't a letter, though.
And what is a letter?
As long as it reveals your heart,
then it's a letter.
[Mu-deok] Just wait there.
I'll be there soon, too.
Be safe. Don't get caught.
You must have felt
sorry for me… taking that exam.
You were once
an incredibly powerful mage, so…
of course, I did feel sorry for you.
I suppose I taught you
something about loyalty.
Seeing how far my master would go,
I did think that I should be doing
my very best as your pupil.
You must have felt pressured.
Hmm. No, I didn't really.
But I was conflicted
if I should answer this letter
as your young master
or if I should answer as your pupil,
or just answer based on what I read.
Well, what did you read?
Should I answer
based on that, you think, also?
Also? What?
It's written right here.
"This is how far I will go
just to be able to see you."
"I'll do absolutely anything
if I can just see you."
And this is my answer to that.
[Mu-deok] I should have braced myself
before letting someone get this close.
I missed you, too. A lot.
That's my response.
[Mu-deok] What I gave him…
should not have been read
or even delivered.
My foolish and pitiful…
love letter.
["You're Everything To Me"
by Shin Yong Jae playing]
[Jang Uk] I miss you when I open my eyes.
-I miss you every second they're open.
-Stop that.
[Mu-deok] It seems that
you've already taken the poison.
The antidote is
the person who poisons you.
Are you out of your damn mind?
It's just another symptom. I was poisoned?
[Seo Yul] So the only one in your mind
has been Jang Uk, Naksu.
It's not like you really believe
that I'm in love with you.
Then do a better job
and make me believe it.
[Mu-deok] That is the most precious thing
I've ever owned in my life.
Please, try to win just once.
And win it back for me.
Well, you see, I made a bet.
I made a bet with your servant there.
[Mu-deok] Fight and perish, Jang Uk.
[Jang Uk]
So this is what you meant that day
when you told me that you had my weakness?
Stop!
[Jang Uk] I… I missed you too, a lot.